Life is a pure flame, and we live by an invisible Sun within us.
There is a light behind the world, a light above the sky, a light that penetrates both glass and skin. It is present here.
Each Hour has its colour, but colour exists only where there is light.
This is where mirrors cross, where shadows part, where the Sun's golden blood pools thickest.
'Mercy', saith the Watchman, 'is found only in shadow.'
Water fills the cup; light fills the mind.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
Ignorance is the curse of God; knowledge is the wing wherewith we fly to heaven.
Possibilities-
The higher I see, the more I rise.
Knowledge illuminates; knowledge navigates; knowledge is not compassionate.
Whenever the principle of the Lantern sheds its light, I may recall additional scraps of knowledge.
We are warned by the colours in the sun, by the occlusion of the moon, by the fracture of the lens. A great enemy of our Illuminated One has come to the city - someone who would prevent our Work.
I pledge myself to light the way for the willing and for the unwilling. I pledge myself to navigate. I pledge myself to illuminate. I pledge myself against mercy. I will walk the path that is shown, no matter the price.
There's a forgotten and golden truth in these images - a truth from the times before the Sun was divided. Even the reflected light of that truth is an illumination.
The Sun was warmer once - no brighter, but its touch was a kind of mercy.
The Sun was brighter once - no warmer, but its light held colours we no longer see.
A faded pale white-gold seen in certain patches of the sky, when the mist is clearing but the sun might be mistaken for the moon. We hold our breath and watch it brighten, until each colour divides from the next like a new-minted alphabet. The Egg Unhatching.
Auroral rose vies with electric blue. There is neither night nor morning but only the hours of noon anticipated and lingering noon. We each of us open our hearts to the golden needle of the sky. All colours magnified beneath the Sun-in-Splendour.
Press the dream of a key into the soft soil of the crossroads. Bathe it in the Watchman's light. A shining tree will uncoil, with a radiant harvest in its branches.