We must devour to be devoured. We cannot be undevoured, as we cannot be unborn.
Hunger takes life; hunger gives life; hunger is not sated.
The very air is succulent with possibility. Pierce it, and it might bleed.
Hunger, lust, birth, and the drowning waters.
The Red Grail has warmed me. Its thirsts have begun to dry my mouth and itch my hands. I know this to be the Third Mark.
The Fourth Mark is the intermittent improvements to my skin. In patches, along my arms or down my thighs, it is clear, soft, glowing, like the skin of a child new-stepped from spring-water. But only in patches.
The Sixth Mark is identified as the point when I am a hand-span taller. I swell in every member and direction. My skin is radiant velvet. Pits of flesh cushion my eyes. I am very thirsty.
I'd say it tasted like blood, if it didn't taste so good.
These are the words that make sacrifice sweet.
Lay your hand on these tattered folds and feel their warmth; leave your hand upon it, and it will explore the possibilities of embrace.
God made only water, but man made wine.
Sate me. Sate me. Sate me harder. Now: my turn.
THIRST is the only guide through the Sands - my THIRST, or the THIRST of the Spider's Door.
Come closer, dear ones. We have something special for you.
The lips ache to savour; the fingers ache to clutch. 
By the Copper and the Crow, by She for whom we Hunger and She who Hungers for us, I pledge myself to be the Feaster and the Feast. I will be devoured and I will devour.
The Raw Prophet will embrace me with all its arms and kiss me with its mouths or whatever else it might find suitable, and perhaps that will protect me from diseases, and perhaps it will simply outnumber them.
Sometimes it divides, sometimes it unites, sometimes she speaks words of warning, sometimes he advises on appetite. Its prophecies are confusion, their whispers confound.
A great vintage wrung from a terroir ripe with secrets in the times before the Grand Blight. With discipline, patience, and resolution, it is possible to taste a glass of this wine and not to finish the bottle.
On those nights when we drink from the chalice, we are not certain, afterwards, what we have done. But, we may be assured, it is what always has been done, and if we do not remember, our children will, in their redmost dreams.