The tongue and the eye, and now we begin! Forget your name, forget your skin.
Light LEAKS through the CRACKS. My mind is BRIGHTER than it EVER was. THE HIGHER I RISE THE MORE I SEE.
cut my hair, cut my bonds, cut my snip snip snip.
Vine-crowned moth-king hatched in the thigh of the thunder-king who's dead. Drink up his belly-lymph. These are the sights you'll see.
 please
I've worn so many guises. With each new guise it is harder to recall my original face. Even the cartilage softens when my tempers are high.
Into the fire we fly, and it shall not consume us.
The Centipede told me her jokes and in exchange I will let her carve me eyes of gold, until the ommatidia occur. 
The Mother pierces, the Witch demands, the Sister dissolves. And so my skin is thin as rain
I walked in the black-flax at the river's edge, and it tasted my feet with its hundred tongues until I could withstand the touch of it no longer, and then I was only shadow.
When we walked in the ways of the wood we were winged and watchful, and we had no need of nectar.
Our wings unfurled and shining, our scales lambent as obsidian, our eyes faceted like jewels, our claws unimpeachable dark.
Lie awake, and listen. The wind speaks in the branches. The house cries out in its sleep. These are the roads that chaos rides.
A power of the Wood enjoys the separation of the lock from the scalp. For attention, burn it. For opportunity, bury it.
The Centipede came up out of the sands and went in under the roots. She found a new home but now she can't go home. She creeps in everywhere else: keyholes and histories and the channels of birth and sight and hearing. Here's what she has to say.
Oh the friends that we played and the skins that we made; still they drive us!
Who will remember the barber's son?
In the forests of the first continent, our ancestors cursed themselves with their own god.
Glory is a question, and Moth answers yes.
The real Hours don't meet the gods-from-Nowhere, but the Ring-Yew meets the Mare-in-the-Tree in where the Wood grows lush. Their couplings are forbidden, and forbidden things have power, and this is the story of their couplings.