We each of us have a memory of a moment when things changed forever, though at the time we never knew it. Perhaps the world also has those memories.
When a thing is opened, its nature is known.
There are keys that open doors; then there are keys that destroy them.
Not all doors are wounds; but all wounds are doors.
No lock remains. No door remains. No gate remains. No wall remains. No fortress is closed against me. No country forbids me. No law binds but the law of the Mother. I am a Key, and this is my use.
There is a Door that will open for a little while. This is its time, and here is another division.
The Knock permits no seal and no isolation. It thrusts us gleefully out of the safety of ignorance.
Some follow the Way, and some are the Way for others.
The smell of hawthorn, and the colour of sunset bisected with shadow. The Horned Axe is strong here.
The Mother of Ants is the child of two rivers. The Horned-Axe is the last god-from-Stone. The Meniscate was born in the Moon from Light. The Wound and the Threshold and the Revelation are all the Gate's aspects, and here is their secret doctrine...
Pain is a gate - and with the right keys, we may open it.
Once I am seven locks, I may be opened, for my people to pass. That is what the yearning has been teaching me, these long nights past. My congregation's prayers will exalt my pain.
When I remember the Horned Axe, I recall the scent of hawthorn. I recall a purple evening sky shot with red gold. I recall that her edges dripped where she had lately been at work.
Sometimes, the light of the moon is a key to other spaces. I've found a place where, for a night or two, the streets curve in unfamiliar ways.
What is without, within; what is within, without.
Sooner or later, every locksmith has the dream...
There is a Door that should not open, and even now its hinges are roused-
Perhaps a serpent has kissed me, perhaps a knife has drunk of me, perhaps I dreamt too sharp a dream - this scar will open, soon.
There's always a way through.
Behold, they stand at my door and knock; if I hear any voice, I will open the door, and they will come in to me, and sup with them, and they with me.